hey gang as we said in our blog post we
just want to show you around our condo
here at the Windham Graham Desert Resort
in Las Vegas so come on in and have a
look at her one-bedroom unit as you can
see we've got the washroom in there real
counters and everything we do have a
washer and dryer in here so it's real
nice to be able to do laundry you know
when you travel as much as we do in here
of course we have a nice living room
dining room area you can see we got the
kitchen there there's an NT coffee maker
you like that in the morning had been
throw my robe on have a tote have some
toast coffee exactly it's nice to not
have to get dressed right away and run
the distributing we can have cereal I
mean don't move around we had a great
steak dinner on the strip last night but
it's nice to be able to just chill out
here and have a bite now and then to I'm
you can see we've got the little dining
area
you know flat-screen TV you've got the
nice couch and Cheer and the view of the
strip outside and then of course we've
got the the very many separate bedroom
area which is cool king-size bed we
always love a king-size bed because we
have one at home so it's nice to be able
to sleep on those and then over here you
can kind of get an idea where the strip
is 15-minute walk that way we get right
to the strip even a walk that way we're
at the Hard Rock Hotel so you can have a
look over here you'll see you know Paris
and valleys of the nation and all those
areas so it's really nice I mean we've
been to Vegas now six times and it's the
first time we actually didn't stay on
the strip but we really enjoyed it
because you're not in the middle of the
craziness 24/7
we're not like last time we're at new
york new york small hotel room expensive
you had to pay resort fees you had to
pay to go to the gym here there's no
charge for the gym no charge for parking
no charge for internet and it's just
nice to have more space so really really
nice comes to the window grande desert
when you're here in Vegas you know
booked into thorough Travel Club and
it's been a real nice stable let's go
look at the rest of the resort because
there's a real beautiful pool area
downstairs so come on let's have a look
they've got a nice bar you can come for
a beverage
there's a deli on site where you
multitude of food including festival all
right here's one two gyms that are
available here at the resort I'm like
when we say it at MGM I actually paid
$30 to use the gym for the day so this
is free here plus you can sign up and
it's wonderful massages alright so here
we are on the outside of the Wyndham
grand desert there's three big towers so
there's rooms all over the place here
but they surround this gorgeous pool
area you can see you have one pool down
here now this is a family pool and we
are out late in the day right now so the
Sun is down so people are gone in but
over here at the adults-only pool where
the Sun is still there you do have a few
people around still and this is a nice
area it's really quiet you know just my
son Ted have a chat there's a burro up
here and stuff as well so right there
you go that's the adults-only pool so
anyway that's a look at the Wyndham
Brandon we hope you enjoyed see the
resort and we will talk to you soon
all right so what kind of deal did we
get by booking the Wyndham grand desert
in Las Vegas this week through our
international Travel Club well let's
look at the big online booking engines
where most people book through we
haven't look at Expedia and Travelocity
and we even looked at the resort's
website directly and all of them were
pretty much charging the same thing you
can see on the screen there 11:33 11:32
so just over $1100 for the week now
through our Travel Club we only paid 599
dollars for the week so we end up save
of 534 dollars or just over 47 percent
so again we got another great deal by
booking through our Travel Club the
memberships been paying off amazingly
for us and if you want to learn how to
save money like this on your future
travels just go ahead and visit our
travel membership com
all right we will talk to you soon from
Las Vegas and have a great day